# How to Buy
## Leverage commercial contracting methods
Leverage the efficiency of commercial contracting methods. Blockchain was not created by the Government, so Government should buy Blockchain as a commercial item, using commercial buying methods. Similar to how private companies buy and structure Blockchain development services, the procurement process should require vendors show how they build Blockchain products, not merely tell the Government in a long proposal.  In addition, the commercial industry doesn’t use cost-type contracts for Blockchain, and neither should Government.
## Buy small, build small, test, and iterate
Set up each contract for a quick win, then determine how to scale that success or pivot quickly. Well-intentioned program offices frequently default to creating large-scale software development contracts. However, these procurements often take years (if the procurement isn't cancelled due to protests). In addition, larger contracts often lead to more bureaucracy which slows down the delivery of working Blockchain products. Instead, adopt modular contracting methods, such as first awarding a small contract for the development of a Blockchain Minimum Viable Product (MVP). The time to award will be faster, the procurement risk lower, and the agency will likely show a quick win with a deployed working product within 12 months of award. Delivering a working MVP will also convince others about the utility of the technology and therefore play a significant role in the agency's adoption of Blockchain. After the MVP is developed, the agency can pivot or procure additional services to further develop features for the Blockchain product.
## Don’t lock technical requirements into the contract
Don't lock technical requirements into the contract so that new, more effective technologies and methods are not blocked. Overly prescriptive requirements significantly limit vendors' flexibility to propose innovative approaches to Blockchain. They also wrongly assume that (a) the features described in the original requirements document are equally valuable and (b) the users’ needs will not change over time. This significantly limits the valuable Blockchain product features that are not yet contemplated. Instead, use a Statement of Objectives and scope the requirement around the use case or product vision. The Government will still control the technical requirements in the form of user stories, which will be crafted throughout the life of the contract and will be selected and prioritized by the Product Owner before each iteration cycle begins. The Government will have more flexibility to have the vendor build any features within the broader use case or product vision. In addition, this approach allows technological enhancements to never end.
## Pay for results, not time
Buy design and Blockchain development services as a repeated process for the delivery of a working product. When technical requirements are not locked into the contract, and the Government and the vendor agree on the definition of done, then one of the most advantageous pricing formats is firm-fixed price per iteration.  When the vendor completes the user stories at the end of the sprint, and the definition of done is met, the vendor gets paid and the Government receives working product that is ready to be deployed.
